Fix the document to use proper dll loading method + clarify versions (#1336)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/kusto/api/powershell/powershell.md

To start working with the Azure Data Explorer .NET client libraries using PowerShell.

1. Download the [`Microsoft.Azure.Kusto.Tools` NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Kusto.Tools/).
1. Extract the contents of the 'tools' directory in the package using an archiving tool. For example, `7-zip`.
  - If you use Powershell version 5.1, you need to select the net472 version folder.
  - If you use Powershell version 7 or later, you can use the other versions folders contained in the package.

> 1. Call `[System.Reflection.Assembly]::LoadFrom("path\Kusto.Data.dll")` from PowerShell, to load the required library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To load the required library, call `[System.Reflection.Assembly]::LoadFrom("path\Kusto.Data.dll")` from PowerShell.
```

To start working with the Azure Data Explorer .NET client libraries using PowerShell.

1. Download the [`Microsoft.Azure.Kusto.Tools` NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Kusto.Tools/).

> 1. Extract the contents of the 'tools' directory in the package (use an archiving tool like `7-zip`), if you use Powershell version 5.1 you need to pick the net472 version folder, if you use Powershell version 7 and upper you can use the other versions folders contained in the package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Extract the contents of the 'tools' directory in the package (use an archiving tool like `7-zip`).
  - If you use Powershell version 5.1 you need to select the net472 version folder.
  - If you use Powershell version 7 or later, you can use the other versions folders contained in the package.
```

#  ------------
#  Packages location - This is an example of the location from where you extract the Microsoft.Azure.Kusto.Tools package.
#  Please make sure you load the types from a local directory and not from a remote share.

> $packagesRoot = "C:\Microsoft.Azure.Kusto.Tools\tools\net<ReplaceWithRightVersion>"

Reviewer 3: >net<ReplaceWithRightVersion> [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=54&length=28)

Better make this a concrete example (e.g. `net472`), and add a comment what to do for other versions. Otherwise I'm sure there are people who are going to try <ReplaceWithRightVersion> not replaced at all...

Reviewer: It's pretty standard in docs to place a field the user will need to replace within angle brackets, so I think it's probably ok.

> $packagesRoot = "C:\Microsoft.Azure.Kusto.Tools\tools\net<ReplaceWithRightVersion>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$packagesRoot = "C:\Microsoft.Azure.Kusto.Tools\tools\net<version>"
```
